SETSUNA: Towa and Setsuna.
Between us half‐demon twins,
two different worlds
exist at the same time...
human and demon,
light and shadow,
Feudal Era and present day,
peace and war,
joy and sorrow,
dreams and reality,
now and forever,
and finally, love and hate...
a Feudal Fairytale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny.
[drip echoes]
[water flowing]
TOWA: So that's Mount Musubi.
SETSUNA: I sense
a lot of demon energy.
MOROHA: Wait. That's strange.
It's not just demon energy.
[mysterious music playing]
[distant blades clanging]
‐ [whimpers]
Please stop.
Please, just stop!
[blades clang]
[thunder crashing]
‐ [growls]
‐ [shudders]
[Kirinmaru grunts]
[roars]
‐ Was losing one of your horns
not enough humiliation?!
‐ [gags]
‐ [gasps]
[thunder crashes]
‐ [sheathes blade]
‐ Why don't you just finish me?!
‐ A child is watching.
Is she your daughter?
‐ What of it?
‐ The battlefield
is no place for a child.
‐ [growls]
‐ [gasps]
[thunder rumbles]
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "The Barrier
at Mount Musubi."
‐ It seems Towa and the others
went to Mount Musubi.
‐ Wh‐Where?
Did you say Mount Musubi?
‐ If I remember right...
‐ You do, My Lord.
That is the very mountain
where Rion is sealed
behind that barrier.
‐ Hmm.
SESSHOMARU: Rion.
SETSUNA:
This must be the entrance.
‐ Well, what are we waiting for?
‐ Hold on!
This is no ordinary barrier.
‐ I know. It was created out
of incredibly evil demon power,
but so what?
‐ You think we can
even get past it?
‐ I say it's worth a shot.
'Cause I've got
a strange feeling
that the center of Mount Musubi
is filled with sacred power.
‐ Well, if that's true,
then we must go.
‐ Yeah, I agree.
[all yelp]
[yelling]
[waves lapping]
[mysterious music playing]
[blades clanging]
‐ Great Dog‐Demon...
take a good look
at these scars.
Sesshomaru's daughters
gave them to me.
You should be proud
of how they've
carried on your bloodline.
I haven't suffered
this many injuries
since the first time
I fought you,
and that was 600 years ago.
Of course,
nothing could ever compare
with that humiliation.
[grumbles]
[panting]
[door bangs open]
‐ Hmm?
I'm glad you made it back alive.
‐ Sister!
Just who the hell is
that Great Dog‐Demon, anyway?!
I've traveled
to every corner of the globe,
and not once have I ever
been defeated before!
‐ True.
I never imagined
there would be one so powerful
on this small island nation.
Oh, my.
There, there.
You must have been so scared.
‐ [roars]
‐ [wood splinters]
I shall never forget this day!
Every time I look
at this broken horn,
the rage within me will be
etched deeper into my heart!
And this rage
does not arise from hating him,
but from disgust
at my own inexperience!
I was defeated tonight
because I neglected my training.
From this day on,
you will serve as a visual
reminder of my humiliation,
compelling me
to train myself harder!
Understood?!
‐ Yes, Master.
I hope to one day be of no use
and thus discarded.
‐ The Great Dog‐Demon
was quite right
in what he said to you
about Rion.
You must stop taking her
with you wherever you go.
‐ I want her
to see the wide world
and to see her father
fight as a warrior.
No matter
how strong my enemy may be,
I cannot fail
as long as I keep her protected.
‐ However, you did just fail.
Listen to me. You may be
the strongest one around,
but you're not invincible.
‐ I will thank you
not to lecture me, Sister.
If you have anything further
to say, say it to Riku here!
‐ Riku, at your service.
‐ Really?
All right, then, Riku,
Go and dispose of this arm.
These bugs seeking its
demon energy are very annoying.
‐ Just tell me where,
and I'll dispose of it at once.
[waves lapping]
[Kirinmaru chuckles]
I never thought
I'd be betrayed by Riku,
a piece of my own self.
But now I must rest
if I am to fully recover.
And see you again
in my dreams, at least.
‐ [peaceful music playing]
‐ Isn't that right, Rion?
‐ Where'd they go?
Turn my back for a minute,
and they're gone.
Ah, well. They're probably
stuck somewhere
wasting their time again.
‐ [breathing softly]
[grass crunching underfoot]
‐ Huh?
[gasps] That's gotta be it,
the demon spirit tree!
And these roots must be where
the Kyuyokon root comes from.
Wow.
She's pretty,
almost like a fairy.
[ears twitch]
Wait. Are those her real ears?
[yelps]
I can't touch her!
Okay, forget the fairy analogy.
A ghost is more accurate.
[mysterious music playing]
‐ Where are Setsuna and Moroha?
Did they get kicked out
of the barrier somehow?
‐ Where could
the others have gone?
KIRINMARU: To those
who would enter Mount Musubi...
‐ Who's there?!
‐ This voice,
it sounds familiar.
‐ ...you must answer me
this question.
What is the one thing
you wish to protect?
‐ What is the one thing?
‐ Setsuna's the only thing
I care about protecting.
‐ And answer me
one other question.
What is something
you are willing to let go of?
If you fail to answer
these questions correctly,
you will never leave
this barrier.
[both gasp]
‐ What is this place?
‐ No way.
‐ [sighs]
Huh? Hey, is that...
a Dream Butterfly?
Does that mean that...
she's having her dreams
taken away too?
‐ [gasps]
‐ Gah! Good evening!
Or good morning.
Eh, or whatever it is.
Sleep well?
‐ Thank you
for coming all this way.
I am Rion.
Very pleased to meet you.
May I ask your name?
‐ The name's Moroha.
Nice to meet you.
‐ Miss Moroha.
Then are you
the one I've been waiting for
to finally take me away
from this place, Miss Moroha?
‐ Take you away?
Okay, sure, why not?
We can both
get out of here together.
[ears twitch]
‐ So not only demon powers,
you have spirit powers as well.
‐ Huh?
‐ Without strong spirit powers,
you would have never been able
to penetrate the barrier
surrounding Mount Musubi.
‐ Oh, is that right?
Hey, but wait. Towa and Setsuna
don't have any spirit powers.
‐ Oh, did you come
with others, then?
‐ Yeah.
You wouldn't happen to know
where they are, would you?
‐ Are these two
the ones you mean?
‐ Huh?
‐ [chimes]
‐ [Moroha gasps]
Towa! Setsuna!
‐ They are trapped
within Mount Musubi's barrier.
Left as they are now,
I'm afraid that the two of them
will never be able
to find their way out.
‐ Well, then we can't
leave 'em as they are, can we?!
‐ Do you wish to save them?
‐ Of course!
They're my friends, damn it!
I have to save them!
TOWA: This place isn't real.
It's just some kind of illusion
created by the barrier.
[slash whooshes]
I can't use my demon power
here either.
Great.
[water flowing]
‐ Who's this?
‐ So if I enter this portal,
it'll take me to where they are?
‐ In theory.
Once inside, you may
be asked by the barrier
to name those things
you wish to protect
and those
you are willing to let go of.
‐ Is that some kind of riddle?
‐ Within the Kyuyokon,
there is a corridor
through which you can cross
the rift between the past
and the future,
as well as the Border
of the Afterlife.
You won't be able to use
your demon powers,
so please be careful.
‐ Well, what about
my spirit powers?
Will they still work?
Uh...
[yelps]
‐ Safe travels.
‐ [murmuring]
[winces]
All right!
I'm countin' on you,
Sacred Arrow!
Damn it! I should be stopping,
shouldn't I?!
[gasps]
What the?
What is that giant skeleton?!
‐ Hmm?
‐ What is it, Inuyasha?
‐ [heart beating]
‐ It's the Tessaiga.
I sense my dad's fang
is trying to tell me something,
but what?
‐ Huh? [gasps]
Up there! Look!
[arrows rattling]
‐ Whoa, whoa.
Why are my Sacred Arrows
getting jumpy all of a sudden?
[gasps]
W‐Wait.
Was that...
I saw them in the photo album
Papa Sota showed me.
Mom and Dad!
‐ [inaudible]
‐ It's really them!
It's my Mom and Dad!
‐ That was Moroha, wasn't it?
It was our baby girl!
‐ Yeah.
And can you believe
just how much she's grown?
I know I must still be
in the Feudal Era
right now, but...
the present has been
recreated here so accurately.
Did they look into my memories?
It's the last school
I attended.
I was here less than a week,
so I don't have
many memories of it,
but the details are so exact.
OSAMU KIRIN:
Still don't have an answer?
This world you see
is the thing you must protect.
It is also
what you must let go.
‐ That voice, it almost sounds
like Mr. Kirin,
my homeroom teacher.
‐ [water flowing]
‐ [footsteps splashing]
‐ It has been a while,
Half‐Demon Princess.
‐ You're the Tree of Ages?
‐ You are in the rift between
life, death, and space‐time.
How did you get here?
Ah, I see.
You have acquired
the Yukari no Tachikiri.
That would explain
how you were able to get here.
‐ [violin playing]
‐ [Rin humming along]
[humming ends]
[piano joins in]
‐ That's such
a beautiful melody.
Wherever did you learn that?
‐ I don't know.
It's like my body remembers it.
Could it be
I learned it from this woman?
TREE OF AGES: How does it feel
to meet your mother again
after all these years?
‐ Mother?
She's my mother?!
That's impossible!
How could she still be so young?
‐ As I understand it, she was
18 when she was sealed inside.
‐ Sealed inside?
‐ That is correct.
Your mother, Rin,
has not aged a day
in the last 14 years.
‐ Tree of Ages, is there
no way to undo the seal?
‐ Do you wish to save her?
‐ My heart, it feels...
‐ Is it pity?
And does that pity fill you
with a desire to protect her?
[playing melody]
SETSUNA: A desire to protect.
Then is she
what I wish to protect?
[melody continues]
TOWA: The Higurashi Shrine.
The shrine grounds.
I've known this place
since I was a child.
That's weird.
I'm not sad, so why am I crying?
‐ [yells]
‐ [groaning]
‐ [branches rustling]
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.
‐ Moroha?
‐ Towa! Where's Setsuna?
Is she with you?
‐ No. I've looked all over,
but I can't find her anywhere.
And you know we can't bring her
back to life if she dies again.
‐ Calm down
and pull yourself together.
It's just an illusion.
Watch! This barrier's
playing with our heads!
‐ [Towa gasps]
‐ [both yelp]
[both yelling]
[melody continues]
‐ Setsuna.
‐ Are we all
inside the Tree of Ages?
‐ Yes.
TOWA: I've seen that woman
before in my dreams.
‐ Towa, this is our mother, Rin.
‐ That's my real mother?
‐ TREE OF AGES: I see.
‐ [gasps]
‐ The barrier at Mount Musubi
must have sent you all
to this place.
MOROHA: Hey, Tree of Ages,
explain something to me!
I saw my mom and dad
while I was passing
through the barrier just now.
Just what the hell
was that place they were in?
‐ It was the border between
this world and the afterlife.
‐ Afterlife?
‐ Tree of Ages,
you know, don't you?
What is it that I must do
to save my mother?
‐ You must use
the Yukari no Tachikiri
to sever the fate
she shares with Zero.
‐ The Yukari no Tachikiri.
All right. Then I will
see to it she is saved!
KIRINMARU: So you have all
found your answers.
‐ Is that Kirinmaru?
KIRINMARU: Very well.
I will allow the three of you
to enter Mount Musubi.
Go on then and
keep my daughter Rion company.
‐ Your daughter Rion?
You mean that girl I met?!
‐ Wait. So Kirinmaru
has a daughter, and she's here?
‐ Then you don't care
if we acquire the Kyuyokon root?
KIRINMARU:
Rion, you have some visitors.
[ears twitch]
‐ Look. Your friends
have escaped the barrier.
‐ Oh, great! You both okay?
‐ I think so. It seems like we
were all having the same dream.
‐ You're kidding?
All of that was just a dream?
‐ Actually no,
it was not a dream.
‐ Huh?
‐ Who are you?
‐ I am Kirinmaru's daughter,
Rion.
Delighted to meet you.
‐ It's true, then?
He wasn't just making that up
when he said that?
‐ No, there was
no lie or deception.
‐ So you really are
Kirinmaru's daughter.
‐ The Kyuyokon root you seek
is right here.
It is yours to take,
if you want it.
[bird squawking]
‐ Oh! Why, if it
isn't Mr. Kirin.
If this is about Towa,
you'll find Sota
over at his apartment.
‐ Thank you, but no.
I'm actually here today
simply to pay my respects
at the shrine.
[bell rattles]
[claps hands]
[siren passing]
‐ Hello, Mr. Kirin.
Nice of you to come.
‐ Oh, Head Priest.
Ah, that reminds me.
Do you have any of those
Shikon Jewel keychain amulets
you used to sell here?
‐ "Shikon Jewel"?
Are you sure that we ever
really sold such a thing?
‐ Oh, my mistake.
I must have heard wrong. Sorry.
Just as I thought.
Things are definitely
starting to change.
The Bone Eater's Well
that I came through
is no longer here either.
No doubt about it.
I'm the only one who remembers.
I've become
an anomaly in this world.
Well, then,
what should I do about it?
Please tell me what to do...
Tree of Ages.
RION: I cannot tolerate my
father's selfishness any more.
I beg of you,
please defeat Kirinmaru
and protect this
beautiful world that I love.
I believe you are worthy
of wielding this Kyuyokon root
and also the Star‐Slicer Flute.
TOWA: Next time on Yashahime,
"The Girl Named Rion."
All these years...
it must have been
so lonely for you.